Welcome back.
Let's talk about portfolios.
And actually we kind of spoke about this already on our video about what if you don't have enough experience.
So I'm just going to go over a few things.
So I recommend you make sure you watch that video first.
Otherwise let's just recap what our portfolio should be.
A portfolio is simply a way for you to showcase your big projects the items that you want to really
demonstrate your value with.
To talk about in the interview those personal projects should reflect what kind of job you want.
So don't spend a lot of time on your portfolio.
It doesn't really matter that much how it looks unless you're a designer using a free resource like
the one I showed you that gives you free templates where you can list your projects is enough for you
to just have an online link on your resume for recruiters to possibly see that you have some sort of
an online presence.
So using something like this or creative Tim is a great way to just speed up that process.
Remember the project inside this portfolio is what matters most.
You just need to have wanted to big projects you really care about.
I've actually never met a developer that has gotten a job solely because they had a nice portfolio.
So don't stress too much about it.
Remember your goal is just to be seen just to get that interview.
Your portfolio can be quite simple.
I want to make sure that it looks someone nice and that it also loads up fast.
And you just need a place to showcase your main projects.
A place maybe to add your blog posts maybe to add your get Habu account and leave a nice resource for
you.
For some of the best portfolio Web sites but they all pretty much look the same.
A little about me section links to get hub in block posts and just a list of your projects.
You can even have your resume on this portfolio.
And by the way once you're done with your portfolio I recommend you add it to the job board that we
have here so that you can showcase said for other students of the course.
But I also include this on my LinkedIn profile so that when recruiters see my profile they can just
search for developers that they need based on name job title location and it's just a nice way to get
seen or have at least another avenue to be discovered.
And that's it.
Again spend very little time but just have something out there.
I also recommend going to our Zura to mastery community and actually go into the job hunting section
and we might have a few more channels.
By the time you watch his video but you can check out other people's profiles as well as talk about
job hunting and people sometimes share job openings here.
This is a great place to ask for help get tips and maybe help out community members as well as we all
try and get their dream job.
Anyway I'll see in the next one.
Baba.